en_us/students/source/SFD_certificates.rst, before:

.. _Certificates:

###############################
Receiving Your edX Certificate
###############################

.. The Open edX Learner's Guide also includes a Certificates topic, but it has
.. no shared content with this topic and there is no "Certificates" file in the
.. Shared folder.

EdX awards certificates for courses that have a verified track and for edX
programs such as XSeries and MicroMasters programs. Most certificates are web
certificates that you can save, share, and print.

To receive a certificate for an edX course, you enroll in the :ref:`verified
track<SFD Verified Track>` for the course, pay the certificate fee,
:ref:`verify your identity<SFD Verify Your Identity>` with a webcam and a
government-issued ID, and earn a passing grade.

To receive a certificate for a program, you must receive a verified certificate
for each course in the series of courses that make up the program. Some
programs might have additional requirements.

This section describes edX certificates and how you access them.

.. contents::
 :local:
 :depth: 1

.. note::
    Some edX courses offer academic credit. If you are taking a course for
    academic credit, different requirements and steps for earning certificates
    apply. For more information, see :ref:`SFD Academic Course Credit Index`.

.. _SFD Certificate Types:

****************************
About Certificate Types
****************************

EdX currently offers the following types of certificates: verified certificates
for single courses, and program certificates for a series of courses. Not all
courses offer certificates.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

.. note::

  In the past, edX also offered free honor code certificates. These
  certificates are no longer available for most new courses. If you earned an
  honor code certificate in a previous course, you can still access your
  certificate through your :ref:`dashboard<SFD Learner Dashboard>`.

  For more information, see `News About edX Certificates`_.

.. _SFD Verified Certificates:

==============================
About Verified Certificates
==============================

A verified certificate shows not only that you successfully completed your edX
course, but also that you :ref:`verified your identity<SFD Verify Your
Identity>` by using a webcam and an official government-issued photo ID.

Verified certificates include the following information.

* The name that you entered as your full name when you created your account.

  To verify or change your full name before the course ends, check your account
  settings. For more information, see :ref:`SFD Basic Information`.

* The name of the course.
* The edX partner institution that created the course.
* The names and signatures of one or more members of the course team.
* The date, in universal coordinated time (UTC), when the certificate was
  issued.
* A URL that others can visit to verify the authenticity of the certificate.

.. note::

  Verified certificates do not include your final grade in the course or the
  number of credit hours that a university might offer for the course. Your
  final grade appears on your **Progress** page and on your dashboard. If you
  need a record of your grade, you can print your **Progress** page or
  dashboard.

For more information about enrolling in the verified track for a course and
working toward a verified certificate, see :ref:`Enroll in the Verified Track`.

For more information about the benefits of verified certificates, and to see an
example of a verified certificate, see `Verified Certificates`_.

For a list of all courses that offer verified certificates, see the `edX course
catalog`_.

.. _SFD XSeries Certificates:

=======================================================
About XSeries and MicroMasters Program Certificates
=======================================================

Certificates for XSeries and MicroMasters programs show that you have
successfully earned a verified certificate for each course in the series of
courses that make up the program.

XSeries and MicroMasters program certificates include the following
information.

* Your name.
* The name of the program.
* The edX partner institution that created the program.
* The names and signatures of one or more members of the program team.
* The month and year when the certificate was issued.
* A certificate ID that others can use to validate the certificate.

For more information about XSeries programs, see `XSeries Programs`_.

For more information about MicroMasters programs, see `MicroMasters Programs`_.

For a list of all courses that are part of an XSeries or MicroMasters program,
see the `edX course catalog`_.

*************************
Receiving a Certificate
*************************

In instructor-paced courses and in many self-paced courses, certificates are
distributed automatically after a course or program ends. In these cases, you
do not have to complete any additional steps to receive your certificate.

In an instructor-paced course, the course team sets specific due dates for
assignments and exams, and you complete the course within a defined time
period, such as eight or twelve weeks.

In a self-paced course, assignments and exams do not have due dates. You can
complete assignments and exams at your own pace, as long as you complete all
course work before the course ends.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 3

====================================================
Receive a Certificate for an Instructor-Paced Course
====================================================

Most instructor-paced courses distribute certificates within two weeks after
the course ends.

When your certificate for a course is ready, a link to the certificate and your
final grade are visible on the course card on your dashboard.

.. image:: ../../shared/students/Images/SFD_Cert_web.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Dashboard with course name, grade, and link to the certificate.

Select **View Certificate** to open the certificate in your browser. You can
then share and print the certificate. For more information, see :ref:`SFD
Sharing or Printing a Certificate`.

.. note::   As of September 2015, edX verified certificates are web
   certificates. If you completed a course before September 2015, the
   certificate is in PDF format. You see a **Download Certificate (PDF)** option
   instead of a **View Certificate** option for PDF certificates.

If your certificate is not yet ready, you see the following message under the
course name on your dashboard.

::

  Final course details are being wrapped up at this time. Your final standing
  will be available shortly.

Additionally, you see the following status message on the **Progress** page in
your course.

::

  We're working on it...

  We're creating your certificate. You can keep working in your courses and a
  link to it will appear here and on your Dashboard when it is ready.

.. _Receive a Certificate for a Self Paced Course:

=============================================
Receive a Certificate for a Self-Paced Course
=============================================

While many edX courses have specific start and end dates, some courses are
self-paced. You can start these courses at any time and work through them at
your own pace.

Most self-paced courses offer edX-generated certificates. A few self-paced
courses offer on-demand certificates.

EdX-Generated Certificates
**************************

Receiving a certificate for a self-paced course is similar to receiving a
certificate for an instructor-paced course. After you have completed all course
requirements, a certificate is generated automatically. You do not have to
complete any additional steps to obtain your certificate.

Be aware, however, that different self-paced courses issue certificates at
different intervals. Some courses issue certificates once a month, and others
issue certificates less frequently. For more information about your course's
specific certificate schedule, see the About page or the **Home** page
for your course.

.. _SFD On Demand Certificates:

On-Demand Certificates
**********************

Some self-paced courses offer on-demand certificates. These certificates
allow you to request and download your certificate as soon as you complete
enough of the course with a high enough grade to qualify for a certificate.
You do not have to wait until you finish the course. You can usually find out
if a course offers on-demand certificates on the course About page.

If a course offers on-demand certificates, as soon as you have qualified for a
certificate, you see the following message at the top of the course
**Progress** page.

::

  Congratulations, you've qualified for a certificate!

  You can keep working toward a higher grade in the course, or request your
  certificate now.

You can request your certificate at any time after you have qualified for the
certificate.

.. Caution::
 The grade that you see on your dashboard reflects your grade at that time you
 requested the certificate. If you complete more assignments to raise your
 grade, the grade on your **Progress** page changes, but the grade listed on
 your dashboard is not updated.

.. _Receive an On Demand Certificate:

Receive an On-Demand Certificate
=============================================

To receive and download your certificate at any time after you qualify, follow
these steps.

#. On the course **Progress** page, select **Request Certificate**.

   After you request your certificate, the certificate creation process can
   take up to 48 hours. When your certificate is ready, a "Your certificate is
   available" message appears on your **Progress** page.

#. Download your certificate from the **Progress** page or from your dashboard.

   * To download your certificate from the **Progress** page, select
     **Download Your Certificate** in the upper right corner of the page.

   * To download your certificate from your dashboard, select **Download Your
     Certificate** next to the name of your course.

======================================================
Receive an XSeries or MicroMasters Program Certificate
======================================================

You receive a certificate for an XSeries or MicroMasters program automatically
after you earn verified certificates in all of the individual courses in the
program. Program certificates are distributed immediately after you receive the
verified certificate for the final course in the program.

The XSeries and MicroMasters program certificates that you have earned are
visible on one side of the **Programs** tab on your dashboard.

For more information about XSeries programs, see `XSeries Programs`_.

For more information about MicroMasters programs, see `MicroMasters Programs`_.

.. _SFD Sharing or Printing a Certificate:

**********************************
Sharing or Printing a Certificate
**********************************

You can print your certificates and share links to them on social media.

.. note:: As of September 2015, edX verified certificates are web
   certificates. If you completed a course before September 2015, the
   certificate is in PDF format.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

.. _Share Certificates on Social Media:

===============================================
Share Your Certificates on Social Media
===============================================

You can share your web or PDF certificates on social media sites such as
Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.

.. note::
 You can use these steps to share course and program certificates on most
 social media sites. To share an XSeries certificate on LinkedIn, see
 :ref:`Share an XSeries Certificate on LinkedIn`.

#. Sign in to the social media site on which you want to share your
   certificate.

#. From your dashboard, find the course whose certificate you want to share.

#. Select **View Certificate**, and then on the certificate page, select the
   social media account that you want to share your certificate to.

   .. note:: For PDF certificates, instead of **View Certificate**, you see
      the **Download Certificate (PDF)** option.

   To add the edX certification from a PDF certificate to your LinkedIn
   profile, select **Add to Profile**.

   A dialog box for the social media site you selected opens, with the
   certificate URL entered.

#. Complete the steps for the social media site to share your certificate.

   For information about sharing PDF certificates on a social media account
   other than LinkedIn, see :ref:`Share a PDF Certificate URL`.


.. _Share an XSeries Certificate on LinkedIn:

Share an XSeries Certificate on LinkedIn
****************************************

.. DOC-3330 calls for an update to this topic for MicroMasters if these steps
.. apply to MM when certs become available. - Sylvia, 9/16/16

To share an XSeries certificate on LinkedIn, follow these steps.

.. note::
  Because LinkedIn is a third-party website, the following steps might change
  without notice. See the `LinkedIn`_ website for the most up-to-date LinkedIn
  documentation.

#. Follow the steps on the `Adding a Suffix or Certifications to Your Profile
   Name`_ LinkedIn page to open the **Certifications** page on LinkedIn.

#. On the **Certifications** page, enter information in the following fields.

   * For **Certification Name**, enter the name of the course.
   * For **Certification Authority**, enter ``edX``.
   * For **Certification URL**, enter the URL for your certificate. For more
     information, see :ref:`Share a Web Certificate URL`.
   * (Optional) For **Dates**, enter the month and year when you received your
     certificate.

#. Leave the other fields blank, and then select **Save**.

.. _Share a Web Certificate URL:

===========================
Share a Web Certificate URL
===========================

Both course certificates and program certificates have a certificate ID that
you can share with schools and potential employers so that they can verify
that you received your certificate. The certificate ID is a 32-digit series of
numbers and letters that is found at the bottom of the certificate.

To share the certificate URL, you find the certificate URL and then distribute
the URL using email, social media, or your method of choice.

To find the certificate URL, use one of the following methods.

* Use the browser address bar.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then select the certificate ID.

     The certificate opens in a new browser page.

  #. Copy the URL from the browser address bar.

* Get the URL from the certificate ID.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then right-click the certificate
     ID.

  #. From the menu, select **Copy Link Location**.

     The URL is copied to your computer's clipboard.

  #. Paste the clipboard contents to obtain the certificate URL.

* Create the URL manually.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then copy the certificate ID.

  #. Use the following URL, replacing ``certificate_ID`` with the certificate
     ID that you copied.

     ::

       https://courses.edx.org/certificates/<certificate_ID>

     For example, your certificate URL might resemble the following URL.

     ::

       https://courses.edx.org/certificates/a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j10k11l12m13n1


.. _Share a PDF Certificate URL:

============================
Share a PDF Certificate URL
============================

.. note:: If you completed a course before September 2015, your certificate is
   in PDF format. For PDF certificates, you see a **Download Certificate
   (PDF)** option instead of a **View Certificate** option.

    For information about adding your edX certification from a PDF certificate to
    LinkedIn, see :ref:`Share Certificates on Social Media`.

Like web certificates, PDF certificates have a certificate URL that you can
share with schools and potential employers so that they can verify that you
received your certificate.

To share the URL for a PDF certificate, follow these steps.

#. On your learner dashboard, locate the course whose certificate you want to
   share.

#. Select **Download Certificate (PDF)**.

   The certificate opens.

#. Select and copy the URL near the bottom of the certificate. For example, a
   certificate URL might resemble this one:

   ``https://verify.edx.org/cert/76558cdc28204605809a99a9dd8bafaf``

#. Paste this URL within social media messages or email messages to share your
   edX achievement.


.. _Print a Web Certificate:

=======================
Print a Certificate
=======================

To print a web certificate, select **View Certificate** to open the certificate,
then select **Print Certificate**.

.. note:: If you completed a course before September 2015, your certificate is
   in PDF format. For PDF certificates, you see a **Download Certificate
   (PDF)** option instead of a **View Certificate** option.

To print a PDF certificate, select **Download Certificate (PDF)** to open the
certificate, then select the "Print" icon.

To print your certificate in the most professional looking format, follow these
guidelines.

* Do not print the header or footer. Depending on your system, you might need
  to clear this option in your browser's print settings.

* Set the margins to the minimum setting allowed. Depending on your system, you
  might need to select the **Minimum** option for the margins.

* Make sure that your browser's print settings are set to include the
  background graphics for your certificate.

.. note::
  Most browsers also allow you to print a web certificate as a PDF file. When
  you open the certificate in a browser and select **Print Certificate**, the
  dialog box that opens might have an option such as **Print as PDF** or a
  similar option. Select that option and follow the onscreen instructions to
  print your certificate as a PDF.


.. _Getting a Transcript:

====================
Getting a Transcript
====================

EdX does not provide course transcripts. EdX certificates do not include your
final course grade.

However, your final course grade appears with other course information on your
dashboard of courses, and a complete record of your scores on all course
assignments and exams appears on the course **Progress** page. If you need a
record of your performance in a course, use your web browser to print one of
these pages.

* To access your dashboard, on the edx.org website select your public edX
  username. Your dashboard opens with a list of your courses.

* To access your **Progress** page for a course, select **View Course** on your
  dashboard, and then select **Progress**.


.. include:: ../../links/links.rst

Commit message:

Update LinkedIn certificates section to talk about course or program certificates, not just XSeries

en_us/students/source/SFD_certificates.rst, after:

.. _Certificates:

###############################
Receiving Your edX Certificate
###############################

.. The Open edX Learner's Guide also includes a Certificates topic, but it has
.. no shared content with this topic and there is no "Certificates" file in the
.. Shared folder.

EdX awards certificates for courses that have a verified track and for edX
programs such as XSeries and MicroMasters programs. Most certificates are web
certificates that you can save, share, and print.

To receive a certificate for an edX course, you enroll in the :ref:`verified
track<SFD Verified Track>` for the course, pay the certificate fee,
:ref:`verify your identity<SFD Verify Your Identity>` with a webcam and a
government-issued ID, and earn a passing grade.

To receive a certificate for a program, you must receive a verified certificate
for each course in the series of courses that make up the program. Some
programs might have additional requirements.

This section describes edX certificates and how you access them.

.. contents::
 :local:
 :depth: 1

.. note::
    Some edX courses offer academic credit. If you are taking a course for
    academic credit, different requirements and steps for earning certificates
    apply. For more information, see :ref:`SFD Academic Course Credit Index`.

.. _SFD Certificate Types:

****************************
About Certificate Types
****************************

EdX currently offers the following types of certificates: verified certificates
for single courses, and program certificates for a series of courses. Not all
courses offer certificates.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

.. note::

  In the past, edX also offered free honor code certificates. These
  certificates are no longer available for most new courses. If you earned an
  honor code certificate in a previous course, you can still access your
  certificate through your :ref:`dashboard<SFD Learner Dashboard>`.

  For more information, see `News About edX Certificates`_.

.. _SFD Verified Certificates:

==============================
About Verified Certificates
==============================

A verified certificate shows not only that you successfully completed your edX
course, but also that you :ref:`verified your identity<SFD Verify Your
Identity>` by using a webcam and an official government-issued photo ID.

Verified certificates include the following information.

* The name that you entered as your full name when you created your account.

  To verify or change your full name before the course ends, check your account
  settings. For more information, see :ref:`SFD Basic Information`.

* The name of the course.
* The edX partner institution that created the course.
* The names and signatures of one or more members of the course team.
* The date, in universal coordinated time (UTC), when the certificate was
  issued.
* A URL that others can visit to verify the authenticity of the certificate.

.. note::

  Verified certificates do not include your final grade in the course or the
  number of credit hours that a university might offer for the course. Your
  final grade appears on your **Progress** page and on your dashboard. If you
  need a record of your grade, you can print your **Progress** page or
  dashboard.

For more information about enrolling in the verified track for a course and
working toward a verified certificate, see :ref:`Enroll in the Verified Track`.

For more information about the benefits of verified certificates, and to see an
example of a verified certificate, see `Verified Certificates`_.

For a list of all courses that offer verified certificates, see the `edX course
catalog`_.

.. _SFD XSeries Certificates:

=======================================================
About XSeries and MicroMasters Program Certificates
=======================================================

Certificates for XSeries and MicroMasters programs show that you have
successfully earned a verified certificate for each course in the series of
courses that make up the program.

XSeries and MicroMasters program certificates include the following
information.

* Your name.
* The name of the program.
* The edX partner institution that created the program.
* The names and signatures of one or more members of the program team.
* The month and year when the certificate was issued.
* A certificate ID that others can use to validate the certificate.

For more information about XSeries programs, see `XSeries Programs`_.

For more information about MicroMasters programs, see `MicroMasters Programs`_.

For a list of all courses that are part of an XSeries or MicroMasters program,
see the `edX course catalog`_.

*************************
Receiving a Certificate
*************************

In instructor-paced courses and in many self-paced courses, certificates are
distributed automatically after a course or program ends. In these cases, you
do not have to complete any additional steps to receive your certificate.

In an instructor-paced course, the course team sets specific due dates for
assignments and exams, and you complete the course within a defined time
period, such as eight or twelve weeks.

In a self-paced course, assignments and exams do not have due dates. You can
complete assignments and exams at your own pace, as long as you complete all
course work before the course ends.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 3

====================================================
Receive a Certificate for an Instructor-Paced Course
====================================================

Most instructor-paced courses distribute certificates within two weeks after
the course ends.

When your certificate for a course is ready, a link to the certificate and your
final grade are visible on the course card on your dashboard.

.. image:: ../../shared/students/Images/SFD_Cert_web.png
   :width: 600
   :alt: Dashboard with course name, grade, and link to the certificate.

Select **View Certificate** to open the certificate in your browser. You can
then share and print the certificate. For more information, see :ref:`SFD
Sharing or Printing a Certificate`.

.. note::   As of September 2015, edX verified certificates are web
   certificates. If you completed a course before September 2015, the
   certificate is in PDF format. You see a **Download Certificate (PDF)** option
   instead of a **View Certificate** option for PDF certificates.

If your certificate is not yet ready, you see the following message under the
course name on your dashboard.

::

  Final course details are being wrapped up at this time. Your final standing
  will be available shortly.

Additionally, you see the following status message on the **Progress** page in
your course.

::

  We're working on it...

  We're creating your certificate. You can keep working in your courses and a
  link to it will appear here and on your Dashboard when it is ready.

.. _Receive a Certificate for a Self Paced Course:

=============================================
Receive a Certificate for a Self-Paced Course
=============================================

While many edX courses have specific start and end dates, some courses are
self-paced. You can start these courses at any time and work through them at
your own pace.

Most self-paced courses offer edX-generated certificates. A few self-paced
courses offer on-demand certificates.

EdX-Generated Certificates
**************************

Receiving a certificate for a self-paced course is similar to receiving a
certificate for an instructor-paced course. After you have completed all course
requirements, a certificate is generated automatically. You do not have to
complete any additional steps to obtain your certificate.

Be aware, however, that different self-paced courses issue certificates at
different intervals. Some courses issue certificates once a month, and others
issue certificates less frequently. For more information about your course's
specific certificate schedule, see the About page or the **Home** page
for your course.

.. _SFD On Demand Certificates:

On-Demand Certificates
**********************

Some self-paced courses offer on-demand certificates. These certificates
allow you to request and download your certificate as soon as you complete
enough of the course with a high enough grade to qualify for a certificate.
You do not have to wait until you finish the course. You can usually find out
if a course offers on-demand certificates on the course About page.

If a course offers on-demand certificates, as soon as you have qualified for a
certificate, you see the following message at the top of the course
**Progress** page.

::

  Congratulations, you've qualified for a certificate!

  You can keep working toward a higher grade in the course, or request your
  certificate now.

You can request your certificate at any time after you have qualified for the
certificate.

.. Caution::
 The grade that you see on your dashboard reflects your grade at that time you
 requested the certificate. If you complete more assignments to raise your
 grade, the grade on your **Progress** page changes, but the grade listed on
 your dashboard is not updated.

.. _Receive an On Demand Certificate:

Receive an On-Demand Certificate
=============================================

To receive and download your certificate at any time after you qualify, follow
these steps.

#. On the course **Progress** page, select **Request Certificate**.

   After you request your certificate, the certificate creation process can
   take up to 48 hours. When your certificate is ready, a "Your certificate is
   available" message appears on your **Progress** page.

#. Download your certificate from the **Progress** page or from your dashboard.

   * To download your certificate from the **Progress** page, select
     **Download Your Certificate** in the upper right corner of the page.

   * To download your certificate from your dashboard, select **Download Your
     Certificate** next to the name of your course.

======================================================
Receive an XSeries or MicroMasters Program Certificate
======================================================

You receive a certificate for an XSeries or MicroMasters program automatically
after you earn verified certificates in all of the individual courses in the
program. Program certificates are distributed immediately after you receive the
verified certificate for the final course in the program.

The XSeries and MicroMasters program certificates that you have earned are
visible on one side of the **Programs** tab on your dashboard.

For more information about XSeries programs, see `XSeries Programs`_.

For more information about MicroMasters programs, see `MicroMasters Programs`_.

.. _SFD Sharing or Printing a Certificate:

**********************************
Sharing or Printing a Certificate
**********************************

You can print your certificates and share links to them on social media.

.. note:: As of September 2015, edX verified certificates are web
   certificates. If you completed a course before September 2015, the
   certificate is in PDF format.

.. contents::
  :local:
  :depth: 1

.. _Share Certificates on Social Media:

===============================================
Share Your Certificates on Social Media
===============================================

You can share your web or PDF certificates on social media sites such as
Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter.

.. note::
 You can use these steps to share course and program certificates on most
 social media sites. To share a certificate on LinkedIn, see
 :ref:`Share a Certificate on LinkedIn`.

#. Sign in to the social media site on which you want to share your
   certificate.

#. From your dashboard, find the course whose certificate you want to share.

#. Select **View Certificate**, and then on the certificate page, select the
   social media account that you want to share your certificate to.

   .. note:: For PDF certificates, instead of **View Certificate**, you see
      the **Download Certificate (PDF)** option.

   To add the edX certification from a PDF certificate to your LinkedIn
   profile, select **Add to Profile**.

   A dialog box for the social media site you selected opens, with the
   certificate URL entered.

#. Complete the steps for the social media site to share your certificate.

   For information about sharing PDF certificates on a social media account
   other than LinkedIn, see :ref:`Share a PDF Certificate URL`.


.. _Share a Certificate on LinkedIn:

Share a Certificate on LinkedIn
****************************************

To share a course or program certificate on LinkedIn, follow these steps.

.. note::
  Because LinkedIn is a third-party website, the following steps might change
  without notice. See the `LinkedIn`_ website for the most up-to-date LinkedIn
  documentation.

#. Follow the steps on the `Adding a Suffix or Certifications to Your Profile
   Name`_ LinkedIn page to open the **Certifications** page on LinkedIn.

#. On the **Certifications** page, enter information in the following fields.

   * For **Certification name**, enter the name of the course or program.
   * For **Certification authority**, enter ``edX``.
   * For **License number**, enter the URL for your certificate. For more
     information, see :ref:`Share a Web Certificate URL`.
   * (Optional) Enable **This certification does not expire**.
   * (Optional) For **Time period**, enter the month and year when you received your certificate.

#. Select **Save**.

.. _Share a Web Certificate URL:

===========================
Share a Web Certificate URL
===========================

Both course certificates and program certificates have a certificate ID that
you can share with schools and potential employers so that they can verify
that you received your certificate. The certificate ID is a 32-digit series of
numbers and letters that is found at the bottom of the certificate.

To share the certificate URL, you find the certificate URL and then distribute
the URL using email, social media, or your method of choice.

To find the certificate URL, use one of the following methods.

* Use the browser address bar.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then select the certificate ID.

     The certificate opens in a new browser page.

  #. Copy the URL from the browser address bar.

* Get the URL from the certificate ID.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then right-click the certificate
     ID.

  #. From the menu, select **Copy Link Location**.

     The URL is copied to your computer's clipboard.

  #. Paste the clipboard contents to obtain the certificate URL.

* Create the URL manually.

  #. Open the certificate in your browser, and then copy the certificate ID.

  #. Use the following URL, replacing ``certificate_ID`` with the certificate
     ID that you copied.

     ::

       https://courses.edx.org/certificates/<certificate_ID>

     For example, your certificate URL might resemble the following URL.

     ::

       https://courses.edx.org/certificates/a1b2c3d4e5f6g7h8i9j10k11l12m13n1


.. _Share a PDF Certificate URL:

============================
Share a PDF Certificate URL
============================

.. note:: If you completed a course before September 2015, your certificate is
   in PDF format. For PDF certificates, you see a **Download Certificate
   (PDF)** option instead of a **View Certificate** option.

    For information about adding your edX certification from a PDF certificate to
    LinkedIn, see :ref:`Share Certificates on Social Media`.

Like web certificates, PDF certificates have a certificate URL that you can
share with schools and potential employers so that they can verify that you
received your certificate.

To share the URL for a PDF certificate, follow these steps.

#. On your learner dashboard, locate the course whose certificate you want to
   share.

#. Select **Download Certificate (PDF)**.

   The certificate opens.

#. Select and copy the URL near the bottom of the certificate. For example, a
   certificate URL might resemble this one:

   ``https://verify.edx.org/cert/76558cdc28204605809a99a9dd8bafaf``

#. Paste this URL within social media messages or email messages to share your
   edX achievement.


.. _Print a Web Certificate:

=======================
Print a Certificate
=======================

To print a web certificate, select **View Certificate** to open the certificate,
then select **Print Certificate**.

.. note:: If you completed a course before September 2015, your certificate is
   in PDF format. For PDF certificates, you see a **Download Certificate
   (PDF)** option instead of a **View Certificate** option.

To print a PDF certificate, select **Download Certificate (PDF)** to open the
certificate, then select the "Print" icon.

To print your certificate in the most professional looking format, follow these
guidelines.

* Do not print the header or footer. Depending on your system, you might need
  to clear this option in your browser's print settings.

* Set the margins to the minimum setting allowed. Depending on your system, you
  might need to select the **Minimum** option for the margins.

* Make sure that your browser's print settings are set to include the
  background graphics for your certificate.

.. note::
  Most browsers also allow you to print a web certificate as a PDF file. When
  you open the certificate in a browser and select **Print Certificate**, the
  dialog box that opens might have an option such as **Print as PDF** or a
  similar option. Select that option and follow the onscreen instructions to
  print your certificate as a PDF.


.. _Getting a Transcript:

====================
Getting a Transcript
====================

EdX does not provide course transcripts. EdX certificates do not include your
final course grade.

However, your final course grade appears with other course information on your
dashboard of courses, and a complete record of your scores on all course
assignments and exams appears on the course **Progress** page. If you need a
record of your performance in a course, use your web browser to print one of
these pages.

* To access your dashboard, on the edx.org website select your public edX
  username. Your dashboard opens with a list of your courses.

* To access your **Progress** page for a course, select **View Course** on your
  dashboard, and then select **Progress**.


.. include:: ../../links/links.rst
